Make non required props optional in typescript definitions (#2536)
commercetools/merchant-center-application-kit: .changeset/neat-trees-itch.md

---
'@commercetools-frontend/application-components': patch
---

> Update both `TabularMainPage` and `TabularDetailPage` components so its `title` prop is not required in their typescript definitions as they are actually optional in their implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make the `title` prop optional for the components `<TabularMainPage>` and `<TabularDetailPage>`.

A warning will be logged if neither the `title` or the `customTitleRow` props are provided.
```
